warning: condition is always false
warning: unused variable x
warning: unused variable z
warning: unused variable y
warning: unused variable ss
warning: unused variable dsfasf
warning: unused variable w
warning: unused variable hanet
warning: unused variable ww
warning: unused variable newstr
warning: unused variable meeeee
warning: unused variable var3
warning: unused variable f
warning: unused variable hello
warning: unused variable s
warning: unused variable xcd
warning: unused variable newstr1
warning: unused variable var1
warning: unused variable qw
warning: unused variable x2
warning: unused variable var
warning: unused variable qzw
warning: unused variable var2
warning: unused variable ss
warning: unused variable dsfasf
warning: unused variable w
warning: unused variable hanet
warning: unused variable ww
warning: unused variable newstr
warning: unused variable meeeee
warning: unused variable var3
warning: unused variable f
warning: unused variable hello
warning: unused variable s
warning: unused variable xcd
warning: unused variable newstr1
warning: unused variable var1
warning: unused variable qw
warning: unused variable x2
warning: unused variable var
warning: unused variable qzw
warning: unused variable var2
warning: unused variable ss
warning: unused variable dsfasf
warning: unused variable w
warning: unused variable hanet
warning: unused variable ww
warning: unused variable newstr
warning: unused variable meeeee
warning: unused variable var3
warning: unused variable f
warning: unused variable hello
warning: unused variable s
warning: unused variable xcd
warning: unused variable newstr1
warning: unused variable var1
warning: unused variable qw
warning: unused variable x2
warning: unused variable var
warning: unused variable qzw
warning: unused variable var2
warning: unused variable ss
warning: unused variable dsfasf
warning: unused variable w
warning: unused variable hanet
warning: unused variable ww
warning: unused variable newstr
warning: unused variable meeeee
warning: unused variable var3
warning: unused variable f
warning: unused variable hello
warning: unused variable s
warning: unused variable xcd
warning: unused variable newstr1
warning: unused variable var1
warning: unused variable qw
warning: unused variable x2
warning: unused variable var
warning: unused variable qzw
warning: unused variable var2
warning: unused variable fffff
warning: unused variable ss
warning: unused variable dsfasf
warning: unused variable w
warning: unused variable Conbool
warning: unused variable hanet
warning: unused variable ww
warning: unused variable newstr
warning: unused variable meeeee
warning: unused variable var3
warning: unused variable f
warning: unused variable hello
warning: unused variable xcd
warning: unused variable newstr1
warning: unused variable var1
warning: unused variable qw
warning: unused variable x2
warning: unused variable var
warning: unused variable qzw
warning: unused variable var2
warning: unused variable ss
warning: unused variable dsfasf
warning: unused variable w
warning: unused variable Conbool
warning: unused variable hanet
warning: unused variable ww
warning: unused variable newstr
warning: unused variable meeeee
warning: unused variable var3
warning: unused variable f
warning: unused variable hello
warning: unused variable xcd
warning: unused variable newstr1
warning: unused variable var1
warning: unused variable qw
warning: unused variable x2
warning: unused variable iiiii
warning: unused variable var
warning: unused variable qzw
warning: unused variable var2
